["Harmontown"]
You lucky sons of bitches.
Harmontown is now in session.
Let's get Rob Schrab out here right now.
["Harmontown"]
For good measure, what about a Spencer Crittenden?
And just in case that's not enough,
how about your mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon?
["Harmontown"]
Ra.
Hip hop, turn it.
What?
Hip, what?
Hip.
Block.
Tape.
I got a rap that I'm going to do.
Got a rap.
Got a mic and a shoe.
They had to turn your mic off
because you're not using it right.
Where you broke it?
It's going to be off all night.
What if we muted you?
What if you had no voice?
You motherfucker.
Now you're going to appreciate your choice.
Chief Leisure, bring your chairs out.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay.
Hip.
Rap or need a rap?
Yo, I had to set a mouse trap.
I had a mouse called rhythm.
Yo, your mama's pussy is swimming.
Yeah.
Hey.
Thank you, mama's pussy section.
Sorry to neglect you guys.
The mama's section.
All right.
Come on.
First of all, what's happened?
All right.
Thank you.
Thanks, everybody.
How many Harmontowns are left?
Three.
Three left.
Four.
Including this one.
Yeah.
Yay.
What's happening with the...
There's another chair.
I don't know.
I think somebody's doing a joke right now.
We would have thought that we would have figured out seating before three shows left.
Yeah, my local choir is going to be coming in and we're going to...
I'm glad someone cares about stage picture.
There was one thing that I wanted to share because we do sit up here and we go like,
oh, I heard this, I heard that, and I didn't understand it or whatever.
One of the guy, the guy that hosted my panel at the Norwegian Film Festival, he sent me
a message about getting to the bottom of this whole poop van too thing.
And if I go to my Instagram, he said, poop van too equals Port Vien too.
Port Road number two.
Norwegian kids TV show from the 80s about two adults living together with a fucked up giraffe.
Port Vien too.
We heard it as poop Vien too.
Nope.
No sex thing.
It wasn't something weird.
It was about two grownups and a giraffe for kids.
How was your trip, Dan?
You enjoyed?
Loved it.
Loved you, Norway.
Props to holding the line against Sweden.
I didn't know those people were ever fighting, but the town we were in, it was 10 miles moved
in one direction because the old town got burnt down by the Swedes during their fucking
bitter struggle against the Swedes.
You talk to a Norwegian and they're like, they tolerate the Swedes.
And vice versa.
It's centuries old, older than our country is at all.
We don't have any opinion about the English.
So how old does that make our country that you think in Europe, it's even older.
Thanks, Dan.
Don't we have a Swede in the house tonight?
We have Sofia, right?
Yeah.
She burned down that town.
I only have a handful of things to talk about.
I think that was one of them.
Another one is that it's church's birthday.
Church's birthday.
Get up here, church.
Stand up.
Happy church day to you, church.
Happy church day to church.
Yay.
All of those.
All of those photos you've been looking at.
Come up on the stage.
Join us, church.
One of the 17 chairs.
She's finding a slow way up.
It's dark.
Happy birthday to church, everybody.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to church.
Take your pick.
We thought Steve was just doing a weird joke, but really.
No, we are going to have a choir.
All those photos you've been seeing for how long, church,
have you been taking those photos to put on our Instagram account?
Three years.
Jesus Christ.
This is why a show has to be quit.
Because before you know it, you're lost in cement.
We have to keep fresh or else we die.
I was fresh changing venues three times.
Yeah.
That was my favorite part.
Remember that one guy who was like,
oh, you're changing venues?
Now you count down to your podcast ending.
And we were like, fuck you, poser.
Four shadowing.
He was right.
There's no way that he's around to feel joy.
If he is around, he's a hypocrite.
Because he was like, your podcast is good to end.
And then he hung around for three years.
So if you're listening.
That was after Meltdown.
Yeah.
The only thing I wanted to talk about,
I guess I was going to say before I bring our only guest out.
And I put guest in quotes.
Because honestly, what is a guest?
Probably like multiple sets of quotes.
Yeah.
But I wanted to talk about the Pizookie at BJ's.
It's supposed to be.
I don't know what.
The idea is that it's a pizza cookie.
Pizza.
Why don't we bring out former BJ's employee and semi guest,
Nick Rutherford?
Oh, shit.
All your best friends are all your enemies.
But I come down for good person.
Brought his own chair.
Up your trap.
And let's bring out our real guest political analyst,
Kaleigh.
The one we wanted to be here.
We get a bigger chair for Kaleigh, man.
Who is that?
I was singing that song that was the play on music.
That's Kali Fontecchio, everybody.
Kali, what?
Kali right here.
Hello, Kali.
Kali, what's the song called?
Wow.
Take a Dive by Kali Kazoo.
Sing it.
Wow.
Schrab, you didn't like it backstage when we found out it was
church's birthday and we all sang happy church day to her.
You didn't like it because you don't like, you just had a
birthday.
You don't like it when people sing happy birthday to you.
No.
You don't like it when people sing happy birthday to someone
else in front of you.
No.
You just don't like the happy birthday song.
Yes.
You're just a villain.
You're just a terrible villain.
No.
Okay, okay.
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday, by the way.
I don't like it.
Happy birthday to you.
Happy Schrab, Schrab, Schrab, Schrab, Schrab, Schrab, Schrab, Schrab, Schrab,...
So you just don't like it?
No.
Wait, wait, wait.
How's God to like?
Nobody likes singing it, no one likes hearing it.
Yeah, we all hate it.
A happy birthday to you.
Okay, well now I prove you right.
Wait, wait, I'm the, I'm, wait, I'm the guest.
All right.
Remember I brought that chair up?
Happy birthday to guest.
All right, you worked at BJ's.
Let's talk about the Pizookie.
The Pizookie.
It's a pizza cookie.
Right.
The word pizza and the word cookie combined
into the word Pizookie.
Pizookie.
What is the, what is the question?
It doesn't, I know I'm not buying it.
I don't like it either.
And also as you said in the lift.
Well it's a, there's no difference between a pizza
and a cookie, they're the same shape
and they're cooked in the same oven.
And pizzas don't have ice cream on them either.
So you should have kept that bit in the lift
for just you and I.
But I thought it was so insightful.
It's like they're all wrong about this.
It's not a, they don't have a right to call
that a hybrid between a pizza and a cookie
or to pronounce it that way.
There's, it's, they're all off base the entire time.
Is it delicious?
Yeah, but you gotta, you can't call it a Pizookie.
I like the salted caramel one.
You guys try that one?
Oh boy.
And the monkey bread, that one's not as great.
It's not very moist.
Hey, it's me.
Pizza, Pizookie.
It's mini Pizookie.
I love myself and what I'm named.
So, there you go.
I know that someone does.
You know what they really call pizza cookies?
Cookie skillets.
I like that one.
I like that name.
It makes sense because it's a cookie with a skillet.
Someone, oh, it was our lift driver who pointed out,
actually, if you worked backwards from what should be
called a Pizookie, that should be a name for if you,
when you're taking a poop and you pee during the poop.
Because it's a piss dookie.
Yeah.
A Pizookie.
That makes sense.
That tracks to me.
I still stand by that.
That was when you piss in a Suzuki.
But you, yeah, I feel you player.
But, I think that's a rarefied audience.
I don't know if you need a portmanteau.
Fucking dumb.
Dude, I just took the biggest piss on my Suzuki.
But versus like, dude, I was taking a shit
and I peed during it.
Happens to everyone.
That should be just called taking a shit.
But you took a Pizookie?
Yeah.
That should be called cookie skillets.
Nick, did you make, were you in the kitchen or are you a server?
Did you make the Pizookie?
No, I was a server.
I opened up the Westlake Village BJ's flagship.
Thank you.
Whoa.
Restaurant.
That was a classic location.
I used to patronize that one.
Yeah.
Did you ever see Wayne Gretzky there?
Oh, you were a restaurant.
I don't think so.
He never ate there.
I just rolled down his window and go like,
you're doing great.
You know, your name sounds like,
you serve a lot of food today.
It's okay.
You just opened.
You'll get better.
Yeah.
I feel attacked right now.
Wait, what?
No, that's dumb work play from a bunch of drunk people.
Can you talk, because we were talking over our Pizookie
about your job at the bank.
Oh, yeah.
I just thought that was kind of entertaining.
Yeah.
I mean, after I was a server at BJ's,
I was a temp at Citibank.
Let me hear my, where are my city peeps at?
Whoa.
Somebody hissed.
Chase.
Yeah, Chase.
Yeah, that's a Chase bank.
And I was a temp there when I first lived in New York
and you can make a lot of money as a temp in New York.
And I just really milked that place dry.
It was right before they needed a huge bailout
from the government.
And you would go to work
and then you would sleep on your desk for two hours.
And then during lunch,
you would go to the park and sleep on newspapers.
Do you want to tell the story?
Well, I kind of hating the highlights
because I think it's such a funny image of like a kid
in the play, playing the system.
Because like you were sleeping on newspapers
and then you'd come back to the office
and type on a spreadsheet.
And then they'd go, boy, look at this kid.
Yeah, no, I mean, you hit all the highlights.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, you don't have to waste any time.
No.
What's it like being 50, bro?
It's not like half the age of a tortoise.
What?
What do you say?
What's it like being 50?
How's it, what's it, what's it like?
I feel so good.
Jeff, what was it like wherever you were?
I was in Alaska, it was fucking cold.
The show me saked, saked.
It's the show me that you're freezing to death state.
It's fucking cold.
Hey, did you go to the blackbuster?
Alaska.
Oh, I thought you were.
I didn't, I thought you were teeing up like a word play.
I don't know.
What's up, what's up?
Hey, Dan, he's 50.
What the fuck was that?
I feel like I am, I don't know what's good.
All right, was it day or night there?
It was mostly night.
The sun came up at 9.44, and then it came down at 9.46.
The sun kind of just introduced itself
over the horizon and said, I'm lazy.
I feel like I would like that, but am I wrong?
No, you're wrong because you wake up in the morning
and you're like, it's 8.45 a.m.
and it's pitch black outside.
You want some feedback.
You want to know that you're alive.
You want a straight line.
Like people were like, oh, I don't like the day.
That's neurotypical shit.
But you want it there so that you can play off of it.
Yeah.
You want to be like, ugh, the sun, fuck you.
In the summer, the sun never sets, it's daylight all the time.
But when you get into the fall, winter time, spring,
it's just dusk at all times.
It feels like in both cases, to me it sounds romantic,
like I would want to experience it,
but I'm assuming that it would be awful.
When you wake up at like, it's 8.30 a.m.
and it's black outside, like it's totally nighttime,
you're like, okay, I want breakfast, but not in the dark.
And you don't have any indication about any, even to defy it,
like some definition of whether you're a loser
or a winner or punk rock or.
Like electricity, they have lights.
But that doesn't feel the same.
That's right.
You can turn the lights on.
There's electricity all the time,
but your hotel room can turn lights on,
but it feels like it's still 4 a.m.
Right.
It doesn't feel right.
I think that would be bad.
I'm going to go with bad.
Well, I think Alaska would feel differently
and we got Alaska here tonight.
Let's give it up for Alaska.
What?
Oh, shit, we have a guest.
Nick Rutherford, everybody.
All right, well, let's get to the show.
Let's, that's enough warm up.
Yeah, yes, you wanted Alaska to come out.
Yeah.
I don't know.
He's got a pedal that changes voices.
Yeah, I thought we were going to.
Hey, I'll say this, Rob said, cause it's his birthday.
He said, we should ask the audience to throw up
any drugs they have on the stage.
And he would do any drugs that were thrown up on the stage.
Whoa.
Advil.
Just shut it out.
Who's holding class A narcotics in the crowd right now?
Instead of like going.
Oh, Steve's got drugs.
Thanks, Steve Levy.
Instead of asking who like came the farthest,
like who came from the farthest away,
we should ask like who has the hardest drugs on them.
Right.
Who here is currently holding ice?
Evan, Steve, Levy.
I wanted to, I wanted to go to the random word generator
that I discovered today, because you can just
generate two random words.
But I forgot there's no internet on the stage.
What the fuck is this shit?
What is this?
What is it?
It's a cup.
You don't want to know that.
All right, it's we got to get to the show.
Yes, services.
We got to do it.
All right, so what's going around?
Come on, quit screwing around.
Let's quit screwing around.
Let's do it.
Come on.
And here's the show.
Come on, let's quit screwing around.
Quit screwing around.
Let's get Alaska up here.
Everybody, everybody hear that Senator farted today?
Oh, no.
I didn't hear about that.
No, I guess the senator farted.
Moving on.
Some people think it's a deep fake.
Did the president have a heart problem?
He went to the doctor.
And then he was like, it's part of my.
You can find it.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
You can't get internet on the stage.
That's what he was like.
That's not how you get internet, making that noise.
What were you looking at, people?
What didn't you say I can find it?
What?
What did you say?
No.
I forgot, honestly.
OK, well, can you be accountable to stage time
and your use of resources?
Like you're occupying space and time on stage.
So when you say things, everyone has to pay attention to you.
So you can't just be like, he's free, ah, ah, bah, gah, gah.
And then everyone's like, wait, what did you say?
You can do all that, but then you can't be like, I don't know.
Like that's a crime.
That's a crime.
Everything up until then, it's kind of like, well, none of us
knew what we were doing.
But then when you're just like, don't ask me.
No, you're the only one we can ask.
I don't know what you said.
Like we're yes-anding you.
We're bothering to steer our attention towards you
and go like, what did you say?
Maybe that will be the direction the podcast travels in.
Maybe we can build something on that.
I'll buy him time.
And then you're like, I don't know.
Six to one, half a dozen to the other.
Like, OK, great.
We're just going to drift.
We're just going to fucking scatter through the cosmos.
Yeah, I like it.
Like everyone that came here tonight and stood in line
is just doomed to fucking spin with no center of gravity.
Yeah.
We're all just twirling around each other and going like,
help, I'm dying.
And then eventually two hours will be done.
And we'll all go like, good night, folks.
Some people will be like, good night.
I came from Australia.
Good night, everybody.
All right.
Good night to you.
Good night, America.
I'm Dan Harmon.
And I wish every single one of you a happy, great night.
Does it feel good when it happens to you?
No.
Does it?
Uh-huh.
Be made fun of.
Does it feel good?
There's no equivalence there.
I didn't do that to you.
You were kind of nasty.
I admit I put an R in my good night.
I do cop to that.
I apologize to it.
He admits it.
You haven't, you've never acknowledged your offense expressed
remorse or committed to change.
Those are the three ingredients of an apology.
I'm not sorry for what I do, though.
So you feel no remorse and you'll never commit to change.
So you're the anti-harmon.
Whoa.
You're like, all right.
Man.
All right.
I have a new enemy as the audience.
I don't like their reactions.
All right.
Let's get to the show.
Yeah, let's get to the fucking show.
Let's go to the show.
Okay.
So here we go.
You've all heard.
Here it comes.
I guess you've all heard that.
Yeah, put that anywhere.
I'm going to go to the city hall.
Capitol Hill.
There's been a little bit of an issue going on with dangling
chads.
But I wonder what's happening over at Senator Kirschbaum's
house.
Probably flatulence.
Here's a little sketch we did about it.
Honey, where's my dangling chads?
Right where you left them, sweetheart.
But I asked for an omelet.
Pause.
New choice.
Ding dong.
I'll get it.
Wait, the new choice was the door was over there.
Oh, no, we closed the door.
Hey, hey.
He's eating your food.
Hey.
Oh, no.
Hey, wait.
He went into your house.
Sir, what?
Hey, what?
That's my painting.
You're turning every stove on.
Don't take, you're combing your hair with everything.
God, don't punch the wall.
Oh, no, don't lock me in my own vestibule.
Oh, no.
No.
New choice.
No, that was a sketch about the bipartisan system.
I got it.
I get it.
Hey, Dan, Rob, Jeff.
I don't want to pimp you too much.
Could you guys do one of your dead L.S. sketches?
Do you know one that you could do,
like you could recreate right now?
You mean like the old drive-thru sketch?
Sure.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, the drive-thru sketch?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, can you do it?
Sure, sure, of course.
I mean, who can't?
Do you want to enter music?
Or do you want to do it alfresco?
No, I know.
I mean, it probably needs to be a little bit of a tee-up.
I mean, you kids probably don't know.
Sometimes when you go to drive-thru for fast food,
it's a little difficult to understand the person at the speaker.
Okay, I like where this is going.
For $5 a month, you can know what Rob is fucking doing right now.
Welcome to this restaurant.
Can I take your order?
Yes, I would like a pair of french fries.
All right, that's two french fries.
Is this going to be anything else?
And also, I would like a pair of a...
Perry A.
One pair and a water.
Please pull around.
That'll be...
I went too far.
That'll be $11.95.
$1, $2, $3, $4, $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10.
Okay.
Sir, please don't tell me you're about to say what I think you're about to say.
Oh, what he ate up...
I'm trying to...
He ran full of bricks.
Oh, shit, he's done skis.
Control.
Yeah, what's up?
I need ski support.
Can't do it.
What?
I hope you said can do it.
Can't do it.
What about a snowboard?
Pronto.
Oh, shit.
Credit.
Missing you.
Snow flying.
What?
Shit.
No.
My ripcord.
Shit.
Fuck.
I can't.
I'm floating.
Wait a minute.
So much weightlessness.
This life isn't for me.
I'm a minimum wage employee.
I don't need to pursue criminals this much.
Tarp.
This is control.
Yeah, Roger.
This is Alpha-7.
Suspect lost.
All right.
Nope.
Just look to your left.
Hey, you did a good race, man.
Yeah, well, I'm out of a job thanks to you.
Here's the dollar I owe you.
Hey, one more thing you owe me.
A partnership.
Styles and Rigby will be back next summer in fast food furious.
Who was the protagonist in that?
I think me, but I write up to all my characters.
If you can identify a villain in any of my work, I've done a bad job.
Wow.
It's like if you can identify the crust in a Domino's Pizza, you should get your money
back.
Because the whole thing should be pizza.
You shouldn't be leaving any of it aside.
Oh, this is crust.
No, it's all pizza.
Eat it.
Or we failed.
You're fucking blowing my mind.
Yeah, man.
All right.
Let's get on with the show.
Yeah, quit.
Let's do a countdown.
Sorry.
Quit screwing around and do the countdown.
Let's do a countdown.
A countdown.
Do a countdown until the show starts.
Okay.
What's the countdown?
That's the 10 biggest jokes.
Top 10 funniest things.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's start.
Let's go backwards.
Let's go from 10 to 1.
Okay.
Nick, top 10 funniest things starting from the bottom.
Number 10.
Yeah, no pressure.
Number 10, dog tripping.
Dog tripping.
Number 10.
Coming in at number nine, church leaving the stage.
Whoa.
Right.
Church, where'd you go?
That's fucking funny.
She was brought up because it was her birthday.
She's like, what am I, I'm hostage up here.
That makes sense.
I'm with you, man.
Spencer, the number nine funniest thing.
Number nine funniest thing, the Macarena.
I think you're right.
Pretty up there.
At this time.
Yeah, definitely.
Who wants to take number eight?
I'll take it.
Rob.
Rabbit television.
He's right.
Number seven funniest thing.
Number seven funniest thing, a grape returning a shirt at Target.
That's correct.
That is it.
Number six funniest thing.
Did we skip seven?
I would have thought a grape returning a shirt would have been number one, but no.
That's not funny.
It changes every time.
Are we at number seven now or number six?
I think we're at seven.
Number seven.
Seventh funniest thing.
A lot of people are hissing the word six.
Yeah, the grape returning a shirt was number seven.
Okay.
All right.
So we're at six.
We're on six.
I personally didn't think it was that funny.
I think that's fair.
We're at number six.
Number six is angry bus driver.
And he's racist.
I bet he thinks he's not funny at all.
He probably thinks he's telling the truth.
He's just living life.
That's why it's what's funny about it.
Just the angry bus driver who's a racist say his jokes over the like PA system.
I don't know.
We didn't have any questions about the other items.
Can we get one of his racist bomo?
I don't know.
No.
It's probably good.
We're about halfway through the list.
We should probably just show the racist bus driver movie.
Oh, yeah.
Keep it down back there, depending on your skin color.
That's a certain amount of offensive to me.
What?
Who said that?
And how light is your skin?
Oh, it's just me.
And this is my skin color.
Let me see.
Okay.
So you could see how appropriate my conduct was or wasn't.
Joel, don't make me come back there.
Could I please get back into the bus, please?
Why am I out on the...
I can't tell.
Please, let me get back into the bus.
I don't know.
Please, I'm on the wing.
I'm a certified racist and I don't know whether you're on...
Please, why am I out on the...
I don't know.
What?
Just get on the bus.
What about...
Get on the bus and choose your position within it.
All right.
Whoa!
Psst!
No, that's not a greeting.
I'm opening the door.
Okay, could I please...
Yeah, good job.
Get on the bus.
Goddamn.
I can't wait to find out where Rachel...
What?
Can I wear my religious garb in here?
You're all free to do whatever you want.
The question is what's going to antagonize me, your bus driver?
That answer will be graded on a curve, I assure you.
As I am thoroughly racist.
I'm going to eat my own country's bread now.
It better be my country.
Oh, we dip our bread in mayonnaise.
I hear so much mischievous gas back there.
I can't concentrate on being a good bus driver.
Could you drive a little slower, please?
Can you turn the bus to the south?
Yes.
So, how far south?
I can just do south so I can pray.
To whom?
What does it matter?
You're right, it shouldn't, but...
This is the coolest bus driver ever.
This guy rules.
All right, I've turned south.
I hope...
I'm going to pray myself that your God is appropriate.
Please, racist God, let my passenger face south toward the right God,
that I may continue to bus drive him and sleep at night tonight with my racist head on my pillow.
Amen.
Are you all finished?
Yeah, I'm...
Yeah, yeah, fine.
Okay.
Well, we're behind schedule now.
You're making it weird up there, man.
I'm not weird, I'm normal.
Why is he doing that with his legs?
It's a pedal bus, man.
Last stop, Albuquerque Square.
Can everybody get off the bus?
I'm not leaving the bus.
I'm leaving the bus.
I'm waiting for a cab.
Because I'm racist against long vehicles.
I'm finished with my shift, that's all I know.
See you later.
Taking my mic back off.
My star.
My taser.
My changed converter.
My spare battery.
My bus hat.
My collar enforcer.
My regular collar.
My collar underlier.
My sub-collar.
My negla-collar.
And my dicotelage.
Force field.
Now, time to go home to my wife and children.
What's your wife's name?
What?
You're not supposed to still be on the bus, I'm racist.
I don't have legs.
Oh, my life, I've categorized people by race.
This one lacks an ability.
Carry me off the bus to your wife.
What race are you?
I'm... well, can't you tell?
I can.
You're a race in need.
A race in need is a race indeed.
Yay.
Come off the bus.
Why are you grabbing the side of my breast?
Sorry, I don't know how to help.
I'm a curmudgeon.
Most films are about people like me.
We start as comedically flawed, and then we progress to being normal.
And then it's an arc.
Like, oh, I can't stand popsicles, and then it's like,
oh, yeah, the third act, I can eat a popsicle.
Okay, cool.
Cool, whatever.
Sorry, I didn't mean to...
No, no.
Here's my bus station.
Sit down, you grumpy, you racial person.
Why?
You eat your popsicle.
I'm tired of your race.
I hope you like sandwiches on a hot plate.
Extra, extra, read all about it.
Who's that?
I don't want your racial news.
Extra, read all about it.
Give me it.
You're an idiot.
Shut up.
Go away.
I can't breathe.
I don't like anyone.
I will never be different.
He was the biggest racist of all.
For one who loves all the races
is a...
not...
no one who is welcome in the kingdom of me.
Hitler Christ.
Oh.
I hear that voice every day.
Haunts me at night.
What did he mean by that?
What's up, dog?
Let's get boba, man.
I'm Hitler Christ.
Only I can see you.
That's right.
That's the way I like it.
Well, okay.
So now we're going to win an Oscar, right?
Hey, man, we just make this art for Art's sake.
If the Academy recognizes it,
that's their prerogative.
I'm going to...
Oh, shit.
Hello.
This is the bus driver boss.
Hey, there are people just flooding the streets.
No one's picking them up.
I just stopped at home to make a sandwich and a hot plate.
You eat your sandwich on your own time,
get in that bus and pick up some people,
the streets are filled.
Damn it, you racial character, you cost me my job.
Get up, come on.
Where am I supposed to go?
I'm sick of you, go wherever you want,
but get on the bus with me.
I'll always be in your mind.
Hey, I wanted to get on the bus.
For Christ's sake.
I'm gonna get into the door right behind your door.
Okay, good.
God damn it.
I want to get on the bus too, I want to get on the bus.
What a road of trials I'm on.
Let all these people on.
Okay, let's all get on the bus.
Ah.
How are you?
Are you driving by the bus?
Ah.
I went to the car.
You gotta keep this.
I can't stop for anyone.
They're too ethnic.
Come on, come back, come back.
No, I won't pick any of you up.
I'm just gonna drag you to the bus.
You've got to keep this.
No.
Oh.
I'll drive the bus.
Wait, man.
Stop it, we're a racist bus driver.
Hey, no, no.
Billboard for Marlboro.
No.
Oh.
Up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up.
Sail away, sail away, sail away, sailing away, sail away,
sail away, sail away.
You finally have hands.
You...
They're back now.
I'm ready.
I'm ready to not be racist.
Then get the fuck off my bus, man.
Ah!
Silhouette, Silhouette, Silhouette, Silhouette.
Middle of the...
All right, well...
Well, I don't think...
I mean, I'm not gonna defend our material,
but I don't think that was the right way to...
You can't defend gravity.
That is the sixth funniest thing.
Yeah, that was...
A racist bus driver.
We got a long show ahead of you guys.
Not every item on the list is gonna be that long.
That was just like the intervention.
Why are you certainly taking care of him?
Schrab, do you want something?
All right, fifth funniest thing, what is it?
Art Park School.
Art Park School?
Isn't there a children's show about that already?
What?
Isn't Arthur the Art Park?
Jeremy, Oedvok?
Brrr is?
Todd, Oedvok?
Prison!
Here.
Missy, Oedvok?
Yo!
Christopher, Oedvok?
You may call me Royale Champagne.
Brad, Oedvok?
That's me.
Kim Ardvark?
Is this in alphabetical order?
Yeah, Ardvark.
We're on the A's.
Yeah, I'm Kim Ardvark and I happen to be pregnant
and you're not gonna tell me how to run my life.
Okay.
Shelley Ardvark?
Yeah, hi.
I'm friend with...
Michael Ardvark?
Yes, I'm Michael Ardvark and I'm wondering,
what is Ardvark school?
As an Ardvark, I...
Ah, fucking Michael, always question and things.
Michael, raise your hand before you start talking.
I'm an Ardvark, I don't have hands.
Yeah, well, then you're never gonna talk.
Shut the fuck up.
Racist?
Damn.
That's the fifth funniest thing.
The fourth, we're now going to the fourth funniest thing.
The fourth...
Ardvark school really earned its perch
in the middle of the list.
The fourth funniest thing.
You can see why racist bus drivers one notch below
because it took 20 minutes to be half as funny.
I get it, I get it.
Racist bus driver.
I get it.
Ardvark school, now the fourth funniest thing.
Living wreaths.
Let's cut straight to the third funniest thing.
I want to know why living wreaths
beat out Ardvark school.
Perhaps this short subject will...
Jingle, jingle, jingle, jingle, jingle, jingle.
Let's hear the sleigh bells ringin' and dingin' and dingin'
and ding, ding, ding, ding.
Come on, Jessica, you're gonna be late for the ice.
My feet are frozen onto the ground.
Who cares?
We're dating, come on.
Okay.
Crack, crack, crack, crack.
Ayy, take it easy, baby.
I wanted to get you a ring for Christmas,
but all I could afford were these to reads.
Thank you, Jessica.
Oh, hello.
I'm one of the wreaths.
Oh, shit.
I'm Hitler Christ.
All right, I get it.
I see why that's funny.
That seems funny.
That one works.
That one.
We're down to the top three.
The top three funniest things.
Wow, this bar is getting high.
It's going to get to the point where the number one thing doesn't even need a scene to explain it.
It'll all be references to the last nine things.
So the number three funniest thing.
Yeah, we know. We can say it at the same time.
Sure.
Baby with a mustache.
Yeah.
Good thing we didn't have to say it at the same time.
Okay, okay. One more time. Push, push, push.
Come on, baby. Come on, baby. You can do it, baby.
Come on, baby. I'm with you, baby.
One big fun of push.
Baby, I'm with you, baby. Come on, baby.
Oh, baby. Oh, it's coming out, Ben.
It's coming out.
I'm a baby.
I need other oxygen.
Oh, he's got something.
We are now down to the top two.
Wait, why did you cut off, baby, with a mustache early?
Why did you give so much time to the bus driver?
People were calling in why there were two doctors.
Racist bus driver needed some more legs, I thought.
Why was the wreath couple like two dudes who were abusing each other?
We barely got into the actual living wreath.
I get it.
What are we to decide?
Top two funniest things.
Batmobile sandwich.
It requires no explanation.
Let's go right into the scene.
A lot of times these top 10 lists get shorter and shorter.
Because they're automatically...
But in case you need to know...
Alfred.
Oh, yes, Master Wing.
I've been fighting crime a lot all day.
What have you brought me here?
What is this?
Eat me, eat me, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.
It's your favorite.
Broom, boom, boom.
I got a jet.
It's talking to me.
Yep, your favorite.
It is a Batmobile sandwich.
Ooh.
Do you want me to cut it in half for you?
Yum, yum, yum, yum.
Hello, Batman.
I'm Mr. Bacon.
Why did you back up into the...
Batcave.
I find it more efficient to back into a Batcave
so I can drive straight out of it with all of the bacon.
Your sandwich will be baconless, Batman.
You're a villain.
Yes.
It's packed in here.
Alfred.
What?
Way to go.
I can't believe these things are unrelated.
It's impossible.
Dots are somewhat easy to connect.
You brought me a sentient sandwich shaped like my car.
Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.
Yes, and I've stolen all your bacon.
And this guy's...
Yes, your BLT will just be an LT.
From now on...
Yes, for the rest of time.
What?
No.
I'm sorry, it's a one-way walkie-talkie.
Wait, what?
Who's on?
Are we on conference call?
This is Batman.
Batman is talking.
Go ahead, Batman.
I'll come back later.
No, you stay on.
You brought me the sandwich.
The sandwich is talking to me.
It's shaped like my car.
You've stolen the bacon.
Bacon man pulled his truck into the back case.
What?
You're fucking racist.
I have a lot of laundry to fold upstairs.
Are we done?
I'm going to the Bat booth.
And then I'll deal with all of you.
He's gonna jerk off.
Yeah.
Computer.
What's up, man?
Give me super bad powers.
Oh, okay.
Uh...
Yeah, there you go.
That's not your step-sister.
What?
No, no, no.
I was...
Oh, baby bad.
I went to the wrong booth.
Oh, it happens.
I'll see you later.
Someone on the right.
Going to this other booth.
All right.
Hey, you built two of me.
One more to the right.
I get it.
All right.
Look.
Nobody wants me to be Batman anymore.
No.
Anymore than I want to keep doing it.
You guys are bringing me comedy sandwiches.
Yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum.
I got villains pulling their cars backwards.
Can I be honest?
I should have stolen bread.
Bacon, like you can do without,
but bread's kind of like...
bread's kind of the whole point of a sandwich.
If I were a good sandwich villain,
I would have taken the bread.
I don't want to fight you.
I want you to be the new Batman.
Bacon man.
Here's the keys.
Stop calling...
This is Alfred.
He's going to work for you.
What are you doing?
Stop calling me Bacon man.
Here's the key to my house.
Here's the pink slip
to my vehicles.
Pink slip for the pink dress.
Here's my talking sandwich.
I called Bacon Pink Slips.
In case you wanted to know that.
He just said it.
I'm going to Sardinia.
Sardinia.
That's underwater.
Splash.
Blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah.
Under the sea.
I used to be Batman.
This is the second funniest thing.
Under the sea.
It needed no explanation, but...
It's awful. I used to be Batman.
I used to be Batman.
Under the sea.
You're still here.
Here I am in Sardinia.
Right.
I'm a tiny fish.
Fuck. We fucked up.
I'm a talking man.
Fucked up.
That's my lover.
All right.
The two of you.
You could look him too in the eye.
You don't have to be weird.
I'm a very rich man.
I'd like the two of you to help me dig a cave.
Okay. We can work here both sides.
Yeah.
Help me dig a cave.
We'll do that.
I'd like to hook up some computer equipment
just to keep track of what's going on
in the outside world.
We don't like that.
No. No.
No.
Honey.
I don't want to do it.
I'll do it.
All right. Bye.
I'm going to watch him.
Fucking shit.
Fucking don't need anybody.
Fucking got scared of bats after my parents died.
I don't care.
I don't need anybody.
I never needed anything.
Hello.
Hi.
Oh, he's leaving.
Why is he leaving?
I don't need anybody.
We're the ghosts of the ocean.
Ocean ghosts.
There's only two of us.
Yes. It was a slow year.
I don't care.
I'm not scared of anything.
All right. Bye.
Overcame my fears.
I don't care.
You're going to be missed at the party.
Set up one computer.
That's all I need.
One computer.
A little guy in a hole.
Government access.
Computer.
Tell me what's going on.
It doesn't matter.
I don't care.
The high is 93.
It's fine. It's good.
I like it.
Forest area.
I love being in my cave.
Nothing happening.
Can I plug my laptop in?
You can't be down here.
Sorry.
Can I plug my laptop in next to you?
The outlet is over there.
I'm sitting over here.
I have to go between your legs.
Go ahead.
You can plug it in yourself.
I dug a hole.
I got a coffee.
I got just as much right to be here as you do.
Go ahead.
Plug in your laptop.
Sorry.
My head is pretty big.
Knock yourself out. Goodbye.
I'm leaving.
You forgot your bag.
I didn't forget anything.
I can dig another hole.
I don't care.
Get the fuck out of the road.
I'm not in the road.
Meep, meep, meep, meep, meep, meep, meep.
Hong Kong.
Fuck off. I was Batman once.
All right.
Digging a hole in this field.
Dig down.
I'm a field mouse.
So what?
Just say hi, bye.
Fine, bye.
If you were scary, I'd pattern.
You said field.
I don't care.
Animals can't talk.
Tink.
I'm trying to dig in a business.
A metal box.
Pull it up to the surface of this field
in the middle of Sardinia on the other side of a freeway.
It's just a featureless chrome box.
That's right.
It's a chrome box.
It's a very practical
laptop alternative.
Oh, hey, should I go?
Sorry, I just saw you looking at that chrome box.
You know what this is?
Yeah.
You're the coffee guy.
You followed me.
You recognize this chrome box?
I think we switched chargers earlier.
You followed me?
No, I was looking.
It's all right.
I could use a guy like you in my new
lower budget Batman career.
Do you know how to work a chrome box?
Yeah, of course.
Everybody does.
It boots up in six seconds or less.
Okay, start it up and
I don't know.
I'm going to...
You're bailing out on the bit already?
No, I'm not.
What do you mean already?
It's been 40 minutes.
Well, it just seems like once I entered the bit,
you were like, I don't know.
No, I don't want to be that guy.
I refuse to be that guy.
I'm not going to be like, oh, that's not to my liking
I fucking bail.
So you're not just ending my information for the scene?
I pulled out a chrome box.
You're like, that's a chrome box.
I mean, you deal with it.
I'm going to walk over there
10 feet. I'm not bailing.
I'm walking over there 10 feet.
Can you bring back information that helps
me with my comedy?
Yeah, all right. Okay, yeah.
Yeah, I'll do that.
Don't go too far. I brought my friend.
Yeah, count my steps.
Hi, my name's Eric.
I'm Batman.
I used to be and I wish
I miss it so much.
Step, step, step,
step, step,
I'm walking 10 feet away.
This is the second funniest thing.
I found a twig.
Does that help you with your Chromebook bit?
It seems like you're bailing out.
No, I'm not. I'm supporting
your bit. Hey, I'm sorry.
I didn't think you'd be like this.
It's okay.
It took me a long time to drive here
and I was like,
I think he's in a mood, honestly.
I don't...
He didn't like their Chrome stuff.
Yeah.
Baderang set
AI position
to knocking out
two adult males
and then positioning
their bodies
ass up
over two wood stumps.
Anyway, I think he's a good guy
and he's like...
It's not my fault
if your pants come down.
International waters, bitch.
My father
was a success.
I could never...
I could never be like him.
My parents weren't even killed
outside of theater. I made that up.
They died of diabetes.
I told everybody
they got mugged.
I just wanted to be special.
I was doomed from the beginning.
I'm a victim of privilege.
I just want to come.
I mean, you could just ask.
Tell all your friends about me.
I'll have what he's having.
All right, there we go.
There was...
That was the second funniest thing.
See, I thought...
I thought they would get shorter.
I thought that the...
I think I just seen clips of it over the years.
I felt like as the list progressed
that it would get like,
I don't need that explained.
But it turned out that one
needed the most explanation.
Why was it called Batmobile Sandwich?
It seemed like...
That didn't have a lot to do with it.
And it turns out the reason it's funny
is because Batman is a predator.
Yeah.
No, he wants to...
How deep did he swim until he found
a freeway down there?
I did find a lot of it resonant.
I liked that he was an isolated person
who kept seeking space
and the more he got the more he needed.
I thought that was very important
to study.
I thought it was cool when he was
fucking that guy in the ass.
Well, you would.
That's gauche.
I understood
why they put that in there,
but I wasn't into it.
I wasn't like, ooh, I got it.
I thought that was cool.
I wanted to know more about the consortium
of people that decided
what's the funniest thing,
because that's strangely the second
funniest thing of all time.
It is, isn't it?
It just took that long to...
Well, I guess
it's about that time.
What time is that then?
It's time to unveil the first funniest thing.
Right after this commercial break.
Do you have
an ear?
Yeah, who doesn't?
Is it about time
to get it checked out?
Hey, I have your ears.
I'm on one side of your head
and I'm on the other side of your head.
I'll tell you one thing.
Both of us are unhappy.
Come down.
No, you guys go.
No, I'm here to listen.
I want to go.
We're all ears here.
No, I hear what you're doing.
You go ahead.
You talk. I'll listen. I'm ears.
Has this happened to you?
What?
Do you have earitis?
If your head's covered with ears,
all of them
want to hear each other.
And it can actually accomplish the opposite effect.
Call 1-8-8
Ear Pies
Dump.
So dumb.
Right.
Yeah.
That was the commercial.
Ear Pies.
Yeah.
We hear.
That's where you should have gone.
I like what I did.
If you're just tuning in,
we're coming up on the
10 funniest things countdown.
And that was a word
from our sponsor.
Dan, real quick.
Recap the top
the top nine.
Recap the top nine for us
and bring us up to number one.
Of course, we can all remember
the least funny.
It's funny
to remember those days.
When
dog tripping.
Yeah, dog tripping.
Number nine, of course, is
oh, sorry, I got addicted fast
to the audience remembering.
They were like, nope,
don't remember that one.
Blacked out during that one.
Something's about schools.
The Macarena was number nine.
Rabbit television,
I think was number seven.
Racist bus driver,
of course, was number six.
That was like five or six.
Yeah, I think that was five.
It was a baby with a moustache.
Baby with a moustache.
Which we just skipped over.
Nobody wanted to touch that.
We did it.
Art Burke School, of course.
Who could forget Art Burke School?
Bamobile sandwich.
And then, of course,
At number two, the penultimate.
Which brings us now to the number one.
To the much-wanted funniest thing.
Number one, the funniest thing.
It's the funniest thing.
Not of the year.
Not of the podcast.
No, no, just empirically, the funniest thing.
Of the human race.
The funniest thing has ever happened.
We all know it. Everybody in the audience knows it.
We all know it on stage.
We all know it at the same time.
It's all set.
Three, two, one.
The Fox anime is series Alan Gregory.
It's hard, because the audience isn't Mike,
so it's hard to really...
I heard Gregory.
And that's what it was.
It was Gregory.
Wait, look.
I heard one person shoot out real fast
when we were on the one
of three, two, one.
Which was a good instinct shout out to you.
And then the last thing I heard was
Gregory.
And so you're
rewarding the bad instinct of Gregory.
No, I want to applaud both of them.
I think they're both great people,
because they're trying to make the show fun.
Because they want to have fun.
Yeah, they're heroes.
Gregory, the funniest thing.
Yeah.
And if you don't know why...
Gregory...
I mean, yeah,
if you know him,
goddamn.
Fuck, that guy won't let up, you know?
I think Gregory is kind of
an all-purpose placeholder for jokes.
Like, you know, Gregory walks into a thing.
Sure, sure.
But this is the greatest Gregory joke of all time.
Yeah.
And we don't even need to say it.
We all know the
joke about Gregory and the barn.
Yes, we do, yes, we do.
It's the number one funny joke.
The old barn Gregory joke.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, Gregory!
All right, well, you're going to do it?
No, I'm
reacting like a British grandma
hearing that joke for the first time.
Yeah, I...
Gregory goes,
he goes to the barn.
He goes to the barn.
And he doesn't have his...
To the barn or the barn?
Barn.
He doesn't have a saddle.
He needs a saddle.
It's a Gregory joke, gotcha.
Yeah.
It's the Gregory joke.
The Gregory.
Gregory is kind of like an American Belmont.
Oh, Belmont, yeah.
We have built up an expectation
that we can never...
What are you taught? What?
It's the funniest thing.
Goes door to door,
looking in the night.
Do you have my saddle?
Comedy comes in three.
He goes to the first house.
I have a saddle, but it's too small.
The first guy is Irish.
I'd love to give you a saddle.
Right.
But my wee mare
needs the saddle
and its back is too skinny.
Right.
And the saddle won't fit
if I give it to you.
Okay.
So he goes to the second barn.
It's a Jewish barn.
It's a Jewish barn, but he's from South Africa.
He's a South African Jew.
Right.
South African Jew.
But he's a perfect South African Jew.
Absolutely.
And Gregory says,
Hello.
I'm Gregory.
Do you have my saddle?
And the South African
Jewish person says,
and a perfect...
Rob, you usually
do this part.
Well, you normally do it.
Do it in the room.
No, you're always doing it
in the room on phone calls.
You're always doing it.
The number...
the number one funniest thing.
Where is he?
He's just...
took his microphone away.
No, you...
Yeah, okay.
So the second one's like,
and they say it in a very,
very South African way.
Oh, a very colorful way, yes.
With a touch of...
South.
A little Yiddish in it.
So you get your South African,
you get your Yiddish white.
Yeah, it's beautiful.
If you heard it,
you'd be like...
Bing!
I know where that person's from
and what religion they worship.
Totally appropriate.
And we all know the joke, so we don't have to go through it.
We don't have to go through it. It's a waste of time.
Right. The idea is that
Gregory keeps going from house to house.
He's looking for a saddle. Every house he goes to
is owned by a different nationality.
They have a look at a different reason.
I can't give you a saddle. I've got a saddle.
It's not the right size.
Right? South African Jew is like...
Well, Rob can do it.
Do it, do it, do it.
Dan, just...
Give it a try.
Just try yourself.
I'll do Gregory.
Try. It's so easy.
Could you give me a saddle for my horse?
And then South African Jew says...
Right.
Roy, mate, I don't have it.
Just a South African in it.
Right. There you go.
Yeah, that's it.
I mean, that's kind of the mid-part.
So that's like, you know...
Yeah, I'm just kidding.
So at this point, it's pouring rain.
Right. And he has no saddle.
And he's cold.
Oh, his horse is gonna...
He's got...
He goes to the third house.
It's the...
Oh, God. Well, we all know.
Yeah.
It's the trap house.
It's the...
It's Adolf Hitler's house.
Adolf Hitler's trap house.
Right.
But he's not there.
But who is...
No, because he died in 1945 or 46.
So, yeah. But it's still his house.
Right.
And it is inside.
But it's haunted by him.
Because he died with unfinished business.
Yes.
No?
What?
Adolf Hitler, yeah, I guess.
It's the funniest thing.
The number one funniest thing.
I don't know if I like the way this joke ended.
We did the top 10 funniest things.
We fucking nailed it.
You know the rest of it.
He ends up getting his saddle, but not the way he wanted it.
It turns out that...
He's saddled with the most burden.
The European Union is a complicated place.
It's a hornet's nest.
Shit, man.
How's that Brexit going?
Is the president dead today?
He had a pain in his heart.
By the time people hear this, maybe.
Yeah.
Fascinating conversations with people who...
Because I'm like, oh boy, what a test.
The guy's got a pain in his heart.
It's a test of your...
You're not supposed to be a bad person.
The whole point of not liking a bad person
is you're not supposed to...
And I have friends who...
But they're privately...
They're like, no, fuck that.
Remember in the Frost Nixon movie
when the guy in Frost Nixon
he represented the part of the public?
It was like, no, fuck this guy.
He's a war criminal.
Get him. Anything less than getting him
is fucking...
I feel like you just had nine conversations with yourself.
And we need one conclusion to any of those.
I learned two hours ago
that the president had chest pains.
I have no...
I never even thought that I would have any
reason to parse it.
I heard he has the best chest and the most wonderful...
It's a perfect chest.
Well, we were...
I mean, nobody wants him to...
I mean, we all want him to...
Well, I mean, it's complicated.
You want him to die, but also you want him to pay.
Yep.
That's the trick.
I immediately...
The Wisconsin of me immediately leaps to
you're being tested. This is how you're tested.
You're not supposed to ever...
You're not...
You can't. That's the whole point.
If you ever judged anybody,
then if they're like,
ow, my foot, you're supposed to be like, whoa.
Wisconsin, nice.
Which is largely passive-aggressive,
but you're...
Everything's a test.
What do you mean?
I know the reason you're asking me that
is to find out whether or not I'm a bad person.
Oh, yeah.
That's the whole reason I've been on the show.
Yes.
It finally comes out.
Isn't that the ultimate thing?
We've never...
Our generation, and I'm saying our generation,
in the broadest sense,
we've never had a Nixon.
Isn't it a crazy thing
to have a historical president
and have them be old enough
that they would go like, ow, my arm hurts.
I'm going to the hospital and for everybody
to check in for a second and go,
where do you stand
in the world of like,
I'm so
in favor of goodness
or things happening to good people
that are you willing
to hope that
ill health befalls
another human being?
I love it.
Oh, yeah, I definitely am.
We all definitely are, but...
I hope he has a UTI.
Well, that's easy because
that just hurts and doesn't kill you.
I know. It would be horrible.
I guess I'm just like...
The fear is that
he will never die.
That's always been a fear.
What time is it?
We're pretty much done.
We're doing pretty good.
We could leave now.
I'm just pitching you guys.
I'm just trying to come up with ideas.
Wait, let's find...
Why does he get to just leave?
We should all do that.
Let's go see what he's doing.
Let's take the mics back there and see what Jeff's doing.
I'm just pitching ideas, you guys.
Let's find someone in the audience
who, remember the last time I was on it?
There was a perfect version of me.
There's Pele, the real.
Let's see if there's a perfect version of Rob.
Is Pele here?
I didn't think so.
Pele is always here because he pays so much attention to the show.
Has he pointed out?
It was good.
I liked him. Let's talk to him again.
But he's not here. Is there a perfect Rob though?
Yeah, he's sitting right next to me.
Attractive Bald?
Any Attractive Balds in the audience?
Oh, no.
But are you Attractive?
Let's not throw it to the audience then.
I'm getting mixed signals from that.
What are you drinking, Dan?
Who's come the farthest?
Who has the hardest drugs?
We got an Australia.
DC.
Milwaukee.
The Carolinas.
Detroit.
The Farthest.
Glendale, California.
Okay, Australia, you want to come up?
Yeah.
We'll just check in with you.
That's...
Yeah, let's give a round of applause for Australia.
Have a seat on the pube chair.
Have a seat.
Oh, there's a mic.
This is a dream come true.
Nick Rutherford, it's so good to meet you.
And we didn't...
We asked you to come up.
Wait, wait, wait.
I met you yesterday at Dull Swim Fest.
Shut the fuck up.
Yeah, the dream club's amazing.
Harrison.
Oh, yeah, Harrison.
Wait, Dan, I'll take it from here.
Tell him again.
Dan, what question did you have?
No, don't...
He won't respect you if you respect him.
Okay, cool.
That's what we've learnt over like seven years.
I feel like that's the general consensus.
I've known him like seven months and I figured it out.
Yeah, I get it.
Hey, Dan, can you hold up?
Everyone's just fucking...
It must be nice, man.
Yeah, it is.
Jeff, how you been?
I'm just trying to be friendly. It's real hard.
It's hard to be friendly?
Spencer, I forgot to shake your hand, too.
Go shake your hand.
I can't blame you for that.
How have you been?
I'm quite good.
This is probably my last pilgrimage to Harmontown,
so it's quite nice to...
Is something happening?
Australia, I'm from Sydney.
Sydney.
So you've come out before?
Yeah, this is my sixth time.
So I've come out every year since 2014.
Would you say that tonight's dinkum is fair?
It's very fair dinkum, mate.
And I wish someone had a hat on.
You would like that.
Oh, like...
Like...
Just so you know.
It's fun to pan to sometimes.
But like...
Okay, so confirm or deny.
Yes, yeah.
In your continent,
there are spiders so big
they can eat birds.
Yes, that's true.
And they live under your house.
But they have very tiny birds in Australia.
We literally call them minor birds,
because they're so small.
I made it up, but I guess I was right.
So it's a victim-blaming culture there.
The spiders are so rampant.
It's like, well, that bird deserved it.
Minor birds.
Look how small it was.
I found over the years, if I go into the facts,
the real facts of like, oh yeah, this bloody happens
because of this. It's not funny, but I'm just going to agree.
Yeah, no, it does.
It's a consistent problem.
It's a continent full of poison spiders.
It's only some of them are poisonous.
I think that's what Spencer was about to say.
Isn't it true that there's a plant
that gives you chlamydia?
What?
Nobody's going to buy that, man.
Again, I have the truth,
but it's like, yes, yes, that is the case.
It's just because most of our koalas
have chlamydia. I mean, that's a fact.
Yeah, because koalas are always
just fucking, they're STD riddled.
They're just going for it,
and they just basically like...
It's true that Spencer fucked a koala once.
That's...
The truth is that
Spencer just loves gum leaves.
That's why he's so sweet all the time.
Oh, I'm so sweet.
Koalas are endangered, right?
Yes, mainly because a good chunk
of our country is on fire right now.
But also because koalas don't like to fuck.
Again, not funny.
And that's the 10th funniest thing about Australia.
Now give us the ninth.
All right.
What's the 11th funniest thing?
Number nine. We've had five prime ministers
in ten years.
Eight.
That's not a knife. This is a knife.
Seven.
Seven is our great barrier reef used
to be real colorful. Now it's white.
That's hilarious.
Not funny.
You know how, like, the toilets go
this way up here? Comedy down there goes
the other way.
Comedy goes the other way.
That's not fair to him.
That's very funny, but it's not fair to him.
But it is fair to him, though.
That is not fair to him.
That is unfair to him.
That's true.
Why is it dinkum?
It's a weird colloquialism
we have that just means, yes,
that is good.
We just make up words all the time
because we think we're smart, but we're not.
Did you know that all words are made up?
God, I love you so much, Smith.
It's crazy.
It's crazy to think about that.
Yeah.
I feel like when we were down there,
it was like somebody pointed at it.
Someone just made it all up.
It had to do with Chinese immigrants
or something in a way that if you wanted
to unravel it, it's offensive.
Which I only point out
that there's every other phrase
you can use in America,
a cup of Joe,
give me some jimmies on my ice cream.
Uncle Ben,
every fucking thing that you say
in America is somehow
reaches back to immediate racism.
I think fair dinkum is one of them.
I would not be surprised.
I would google it, but there's no Wi-Fi in it.
I'm never going to say it on camera.
Dinkum?
If it's fair dinkum, there has to be
the opposite.
Which is unfair dinkum.
Unfair dinkum means
go fuck yourself.
But we have phrases
for that, like, I'm not here to fuck spiders.
It was just like...
You have a phrase for that?
If you were dead serious...
Is that the phrase?
That's just like, if you
sell something on Facebook Marketplace
and they're like, you got the bike pump
and they're just like, yeah, I'm not here to fuck spiders.
Then you exchange money and then you get the bike.
So that means that at some point
somebody was there to fuck spiders.
It's an important phrase
because so many people in Australia
are there to fuck spiders.
I'm not here to fuck spiders.
Meaning, like, let's talk turkey.
Let's fucking get down to brass tacks.
All right.
I love that one. I'm using that all the time.
I'm amazed you guys didn't hear that.
You went through four or five different cities
and you didn't hear that one.
Yeah, no, that's amazing.
Well, they were there to fuck spiders.
They never had to use those words.
That's true.
I was too busy fucking all those spiders.
It's because Americans get off the plane
and they're going, where are the spiders?
And I think Australians are like, well, don't...
Don't fuck them.
Don't upset them.
But it's weird because a lot of us do have
an innate arachnophobia.
Like, I...
You must be afraid of spiders or you'd be dead.
Back home, I have it.
Every time I've come here, I've been in an Airbnb
where I've seen a spider. That's just like a thing.
This time, I was staying at the Airbnb
and a spider crawled out from under the pillow
the morning after I slept in the bed.
In America?
No!
I'm worried I brought them here to fuck them.
I won't accept it.
I would have sucked that spider off so quick.
You're talking about tiny, itty-bitty
little dime-sized spiders.
Yeah, an American spider that knows its place.
Yes.
Underneath the pillow.
You come from the fucking Vegemite spiders
that are like
refrigerator-magnet-sized
ass, hairy fucking spiders
that have like an ostrich in their tooth
and they're like...
We don't have ostriches, we've got emus.
But anyways...
I miss you guys.
I loved being down there.
We would love to come back down.
Australia
has been
so generous
to the podcasting culture
in America.
It was like a weird British invasion
but if there was no invasion
Australia was just like
oh my god, all of you guys with podcasts
please come down here.
It's really worth noting.
We're just very lonely.
We're a singular continent
and we would listen to New Zealand podcasts
to know that they're way better.
It's like...
There's a ton of amazing
Australian podcasts
because it's like
I don't know, it's just great
great sportsmanship.
So many
fringe American
podcasters
have gone on tour down in Australia
and come back baptized
feeling confident.
I can't believe how many millions of people
have gone on tour
and then they...
Sorry, no you go first.
It speaks to the way that we have
our culture. We do a lot of stuff
that's very DIY, very, very punk.
We invented the first feature film
which is the History of the Killer Gang.
It was the same thing with podcasting.
Once we knew what we needed was
a mic and a guy named Tim
with a MacBook Pro, we were like
let's just do it, let's put all of our audio online.
Also you guys
have a good fetish with avocado toast.
Oh yeah, we love it.
Your avocado smash is
ready to go.
It's great to a point where it is the
and don't tell anyone over
70 this, it's the antithesis of
okay boomer.
Anytime you want to throw some shit at millennials
you'd be like, bloody avocado toast mate.
And you're just like, fuck you!
I just want to eat avocado toast.
They tried that here for a while.
It's stuck with us.
It's like avocado toast tastes good.
You guys have a big cult.
But if you haven't had an avocado smash
in fucking Sydney that you haven't had an avocado smash
you have the little feta crumble.
You guys still do it, he did pretty good.
We don't got the same toast that you guys got.
It's the secret, it's just damper.
That's all it is.
It's the dampness of the toast.
It's the type of bread, it's called damper.
It's basically the same as sourdough
but it's a bit rougher.
Where the fuck did Schrab go?
How is he just like...
He comes on the show.
I really wanted to thank Schrab for some shit.
I don't like being on the show.
Dude, the show's over.
I want to come on the show.
And then he's just like...
He just wanders off like my parents on a cruise.
Like where is he?
Is he taking shuffleboard blessings?
He just got back from a shuffleboard.
Yeah!
Oh yeah, look at the swagger.
Welcome back.
Blade returns to Whistler's lair.
Like what are you...
Yeah, I got some new weapons for you.
I had to go to the bathroom.
Okay, but...
Rob, it's good to meet you.
Yeah, meet this guy.
Wait, I have to go to the bathroom too.
Should I not go? No, no, go.
It'll be fucking funny as shit.
Is Paley here?
Everyone's just pulling their own shit.
Wait, is Paley like a character on the podcast now?
No.
This show's been about nothing.
This is like the most insane things I've ever been.
Can I just say,
if Duke Nukem was from Australia,
he might say,
I'm here to kick ass and fuck spiders,
and I'm all out of spiders.
Because that could be fun.
And I'm all out of spiders. That could be fun.
Wait, that's a real saying.
I'm not here to fuck spiders. I'm not here to fuck spiders, yeah.
Meaning, like I've got bigger fish to fry?
Yeah, you keep bringing up other idioms to replace it.
It's quite amusing.
Yeah, but I've got bigger spiders to fuck.
I've got bigger fish to fry means that
there's other fish you would fry,
but they're too small.
But I'm not here to fuck spiders.
I've got bigger spiders.
I'm not going to fuck those little spiders.
But also you've got to fry the fish
before the spiders get out.
I think that saying means
I'm here to fuck larger arachnids.
Like spiders,
my dick, if your dick is so small
that you could fuck a spider,
I say why live.
And the fifth funniest thing about Australia is
the fact that we continue to
refer to koalas as drop bears to confuse
the international community. Drop bears.
Drop bears is a huge problem
that we have in Australia where
they will just basically be in most trees,
most dense like brush,
and they will drop onto tourists and then just
wipe them out instantly. They just get killed.
They wipe out the tourists? Yeah, they kill the tourists.
Wait, wait, wait, the bears do?
Now this is the lie that we tell people.
Drop bears.
Don't get underneath the koala because
they'll drop on you. No, and then you'll get
chlamydia.
None of it's real. Don't kiss them.
It's the one thing I don't like about you guys.
Liars and cheats.
That's how we ended up.
We were in Australia and I'm like, you guys,
a lot of spiders.
And the guy in the front row is like,
30% of all spiders are poisonous
in it.
Why would your continent
have that statistic at the ready?
I think it was
Melbourne Spencer. We landed there and it was
Melbourne Jeff. Yeah, it was roasting out.
It was really hot. It was a hot day.
I'm sure I said this before,
but we're all in a van.
It was the first time Spencer had been to
Australia.
And
Spencer goes, hot Canada.
Oh, that's so accurate.
And that's number.
That's number four.
So one of the funniest thing
about Australia now
the third funniest thing is just
Eric Benner Eric.
Now we're on to the second funniest thing about
Australia. Colleen Henson.
Yeah, I was I was going to lean to
we've got like at least four or five Australians
in the audience. So I feel bad being up here.
Yeah, thank you. Yeah.
Now it's all right to bully me.
It would have been worse if anyone else
got Australian in the audience.
We did a show at the Underground
Theatre at the Sydney Opera House.
Yes, we did a couple shows there.
And
some woman just stormed the stage and
like, were you there?
It was about one minute or something.
Yes, they were here. She was,
she came here.
It like draws forth a revenge like
she followed us.
She just comes up and she's like smile, you son of a bitch.
She came here. Remember,
she was here. She came
down the aisle.
But the crowd
Oh, what was
it wasn't Melbourne. What was the other one?
What was the really? Brisbane.
Brisbane and the Quonset hut thing.
Like an old like
aircraft hangar. Yeah.
And we did a show there. The crowd started
heckling each other.
Yeah, we do that. People got into
like just like interstitial fights
like amongst each other.
The show came to a grinding halt
while the crowd fucking sorted
out their own like, like their own
battles. I guarantee you those people became
friends the minute the show was done. I was like, you're
a cunt. I'm like, yeah, well,
he's a beer. That's it.
So we in Melbourne,
there was a big ass theater we played at and
then we went to a bar afterwards and
someone said, hey, that dude that was shouting
back to back to back to money.
And he's yelling at gibberish.
That dude had apparently had like
eight or nine drinks before
the show and puked in his shoe.
And we saw that shoe.
He went
outside and emptied the puke out of his shoe
and got his ass kicked.
Because like, like, what are you doing emptying
out your pukey shoe on the fucking
pavement and he got his ass kicked.
Why would he kick his ass
after he took all that
effort
to contain everything bad about him?
It's Chinatown, Jake.
They're fucking Melbourne, baby.
Then he may as well puke on the theater floor.
That's the lesson he learned.
He kept yelling, mom, mom, mom, mom.
Oh, God.
And then apparently someone said like,
I saw him drink 10, like, tall
beers. I remember that. Yeah, he puked
in the shoe.
I like the fucking elegance of just saying
I'm not going to puke on the ground. I want to puke
in my own footwear and then walk
it down to the restroom.
He rinsed out his shoe
and then I think he poured it out on the sidewalk.
Yeah, this fucking
Australia's great. I liked it, yeah.
It's a little, it's a little different down there
other than here in the
up over.
Is that number two?
We will cut that out. Okay, sure.
I was going to say, number two.
Number two is Shoeys, where you drink from your shoe.
Oh, no. And that's probably
what was happening to that man. That's where he got the idea.
Yeah, yeah. Also, what's
in the fucking Brisbane West Coast Massive?
Yeah, what's that about?
It's basically just a part in the West Coast where it's very large.
Why is it massive? I just there.
This is a big part of it.
Number one and number
one is Clive Palmer.
He's a terrible politician
and also billionaire magnate.
Yay, we love those
yeah.
A rich politician. Nice try Australia.
We don't have them up here.
He tried to he tried to ruin the election
by basically having as many seats
as possible and the most
like inconsiderate candidates
as possible.
And it worked. It worked.
So you guys are Nazi now?
Yes. Yeah, yeah. It's not good.
So it's just happening all over the planet.
Everyone's just going Nazi.
It's very sad.
And there's no...
And everyone's increasingly in your friend groups.
Do you have friends that are like,
I heard the fucking Proud Boys
had a fucking party at the
Baskin Robbins like fuck that place.
I don't want
31 flavors or anything.
Do you have friends that are increasingly going like
well, I don't know when it's a fucking cancel culture
bullshit. I do.
What the fuck is this conversation?
I just don't like Nazis. What the fuck?
When did this happen? Yeah, yeah.
We've got like a lot of people who like that.
There's a friend of mine. He has like a
it's like a like a Facebook team name him
and give his number out.
Yeah, cancel him.
Same exact thing.
He's got a thing called yelling at racist dogs
where he will go to like places that are having
like pro-fascist like rallies and shit
and he'll just go and yell at them
and it's very popular and I love it.
The dogs or the humans? Oh, they're humans.
They just act like a bunch of fucking dogs.
I think Cody got me too high.
Are you okay?
What did you have?
How do you know?
Nobody threw up any drugs for Rob to do.
So if they even got any uppers, toss them up.
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
Uh-oh. Rob.
Zach, you got a beat?
Rob, stop. Rob.
Rob.
Too high.
You're 50 years old.
Rob.
Don't you think it's time to grow up?
Pay your mortgage.
Take care of Kate before she disengages.
Everyone dies eventually.
Rob Schrab you with me.
I'm the Kim Reaper.
Rob Schrab.
You shouldn't have got high.
You're too high.
Rob Schrab.
There's no sky.
There's only underground.
Rob everyone turns and turns.
Just for the only truth you know.
I'm the devil.
The devil's here to save.
The devil's always gonna take your fucking soul away.
I wait down here underneath the underground.
Oh look.
Look at what I found.
Rob Schrab.
What have you ever done?
This is the kind of shit.
I have fallen with.
You're my easel.
Time for art class.
It's time to suck down the life force through your ass.
Down everything.
Damn.
Shit.
Rob Schrab.
You shouldn't have got too high.
Oh shit.
Rob.
Why you get so high?
It don't matter.
I feel like you could peel the glasses off of him and he wouldn't know this.
Rob.
Are you alright?
Yeah.
Sorry.
How do you feel at the moment?
How are you feeling?
Sorry.
What did you take?
What were you given?
I just said pot dude.
Alright Touche.
Baby Yoda.
Rob Schrab.
The best driver's back.
No matter how free you, but you could live a life of crippled limbs, but you're gonna fuck your mama in a piece of fudge.
A fudge, you're gonna fuck your mama in a piece of fudge.
Wabs!
You got too high.
You're too high.
Don't give me that look.
You got too high.
Wait, what, what are you acting like?
What, I'm the joke?
You got too high.
Don't, what, what?
It's on you.
You got too high.
9-Eleven.
The Watchmen series.
You watched it?
It's kind of a spinoff, but not a spinoff.
The Watchmen.
Tim and Linda Love.
Prometheus.
I'm strong.
Whoa.
Chris Hanger.
Thank you all for coming.
Let's give it up.
What's your name?
Harrison?
Harrison from Australia, everybody.
Nick Rutherford, everybody.
Thank you, Nick.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis, your car patroller.
Dan Harmon.
As your mayor.
Thank you, church.
Nolan.
Zach.
Up there.
Zach, frozen pizza before you get peed on.
We love you all.
Drive fast and take chances, if you will.
Oh.
Thank you so much for coming.
We really dig it.
Zach, you got it?
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.